I was highly indignant at the idea of flooding the whole area.
I mean, I didn't protest or anything like that, but I happened to be up in that area when this was mooted,
and I was very indignant. And I could quite see why people objected as they did.
And I don't think this part of the world was aware of it for a long time,
because although we saw it on television, unless you happen to know something about Truberin or the area,
as I did, you weren't all that interested. It wasn't until it actually happened,
but it struck you, you know, what nerve, they had to sort of flood the place.
But there has been over the years so much of the area has been flooded.
I mean, if you go around South Wales, you find massive areas that have flooded.
You don't have to go up to Truberin. But I suppose the idea...
Another area that upset us here more possibly than Truberin was the Eppint business.
Eppint was a nasty thing. We didn't like Eppint at all. It was near home.
But I don't think even there... It wasn't until we saw it on television that the horror of it struck home.
That is where television has this impact. It is immediate, and you can see it at once.
Whereas if it's on the radio, it's as though it's second... you know, there's that much away from you.
But Eppint, you saw not much, but you did see and you were aware.
But Truberin really hit home because they made a big thing of Truberin.